readme.md, before:

# The Challenge

The year is 2092. A budding young vocalist and his band have just enough money to buy a hovercar and begin their tour. They have struck deals with multiple venues and can set their own tour schedule, any venue in any order. Can you help them find the shortest route to take to hit all cities to maximize their fuel budget?

We have provided some test data to begin mapping on the grid. Spend up to 4 hours creating your algorithm and display of optimal route(s). Fork this repository and make any notes and commentary at the bottom of the readme.

# The Tech

Please use JavaScript, HTML, and CSS to display the best route(s) the band can take. Let's assume the first data point is home, the point you originate from and must end at. It is up to you to display the route(s) your code chooses, graphical, textual, tabular or other. We will review the code with you, be prepared to discuss any choices of external libraries. If you need to use an external library, that's fine, please note it in the readme.md.

# The Data

Here is are some sample sets of data to use:

```js
var points40 = [
  { x: 116, y: 404 },
  { x: 161, y: 617 },
  { x: 16, y: 97 },
  { x: 430, y: 536 },
  { x: 601, y: 504 },
  { x: 425, y: 461 },
  { x: 114, y: 544 },
  { x: 127, y: 118 },
  { x: 163, y: 357 },
  { x: 704, y: 104 },
  { x: 864, y: 125 },
  { x: 847, y: 523 },
  { x: 742, y: 170 },
  { x: 204, y: 601 },
  { x: 421, y: 377 },
  { x: 808, y: 49 },
  { x: 860, y: 466 },
  { x: 844, y: 294 },
  { x: 147, y: 213 },
  { x: 550, y: 124 },
  { x: 238, y: 313 },
  { x: 57, y: 572 },
  { x: 664, y: 190 },
  { x: 612, y: 644 },
  { x: 456, y: 154 },
  { x: 120, y: 477 },
  { x: 542, y: 313 },
  { x: 620, y: 29 },
  { x: 245, y: 246 },
  { x: 611, y: 578 },
  { x: 627, y: 373 },
  { x: 534, y: 286 },
  { x: 577, y: 545 },
  { x: 539, y: 340 },
  { x: 794, y: 328 },
  { x: 855, y: 139 },
  { x: 700, y: 47 },
  { x: 275, y: 593 },
  { x: 130, y: 196 },
  { x: 863, y: 35 },
];

var points200 = [
  { x: 150, y: 172 },
  { x: 822, y: 244 },
  { x: 619, y: 220 },
  { x: 243, y: 433 },
  { x: 9, y: 48 },
  { x: 541, y: 402 },
  { x: 540, y: 212 },
  { x: 479, y: 646 },
  { x: 545, y: 90 },
  { x: 811, y: 355 },
  { x: 314, y: 325 },
  { x: 337, y: 487 },
  { x: 675, y: 76 },
  { x: 629, y: 375 },
  { x: 809, y: 105 },
  { x: 269, y: 135 },
  { x: 423, y: 592 },
  { x: 558, y: 288 },
  { x: 622, y: 70 },
  { x: 740, y: 495 },
  { x: 508, y: 79 },
  { x: 40, y: 236 },
  { x: 818, y: 252 },
  { x: 811, y: 480 },
  { x: 458, y: 220 },
  { x: 293, y: 220 },
  { x: 582, y: 275 },
  { x: 188, y: 542 },
  { x: 300, y: 235 },
  { x: 690, y: 649 },
  { x: 166, y: 565 },
  { x: 400, y: 80 },
  { x: 121, y: 498 },
  { x: 603, y: 587 },
  { x: 729, y: 89 },
  { x: 723, y: 23 },
  { x: 171, y: 609 },
  { x: 523, y: 449 },
  { x: 668, y: 102 },
  { x: 328, y: 531 },
  { x: 468, y: 588 },
  { x: 600, y: 239 },
  { x: 312, y: 636 },
  { x: 344, y: 112 },
  { x: 267, y: 184 },
  { x: 292, y: 615 },
  { x: 21, y: 401 },
  { x: 650, y: 266 },
  { x: 535, y: 393 },
  { x: 796, y: 598 },
  { x: 29, y: 412 },
  { x: 528, y: 363 },
  { x: 344, y: 152 },
  { x: 314, y: 35 },
  { x: 138, y: 191 },
  { x: 643, y: 341 },
  { x: 350, y: 423 },
  { x: 319, y: 542 },
  { x: 797, y: 659 },
  { x: 66, y: 296 },
  { x: 761, y: 574 },
  { x: 26, y: 270 },
  { x: 129, y: 509 },
  { x: 24, y: 312 },
  { x: 89, y: 635 },
  { x: 454, y: 34 },
  { x: 717, y: 189 },
  { x: 476, y: 457 },
  { x: 471, y: 212 },
  { x: 74, y: 457 },
  { x: 406, y: 221 },
  { x: 701, y: 313 },
  { x: 719, y: 642 },
  { x: 573, y: 424 },
  { x: 250, y: 231 },
  { x: 748, y: 334 },
  { x: 318, y: 453 },
  { x: 815, y: 92 },
  { x: 198, y: 47 },
  { x: 79, y: 451 },
  { x: 502, y: 582 },
  { x: 471, y: 355 },
  { x: 509, y: 257 },
  { x: 727, y: 290 },
  { x: 476, y: 281 },
  { x: 609, y: 576 },
  { x: 772, y: 72 },
  { x: 263, y: 156 },
  { x: 411, y: 203 },
  { x: 100, y: 254 },
  { x: 29, y: 208 },
  { x: 625, y: 349 },
  { x: 789, y: 163 },
  { x: 300, y: 224 },
  { x: 637, y: 57 },
  { x: 789, y: 153 },
  { x: 429, y: 427 },
  { x: 571, y: 355 },
  { x: 426, y: 348 },
  { x: 620, y: 545 },
  { x: 601, y: 322 },
  { x: 600, y: 441 },
  { x: 519, y: 357 },
  { x: 59, y: 262 },
  { x: 878, y: 621 },
  { x: 712, y: 592 },
  { x: 202, y: 341 },
  { x: 300, y: 41 },
  { x: 87, y: 647 },
  { x: 735, y: 60 },
  { x: 289, y: 110 },
  { x: 126, y: 133 },
  { x: 375, y: 584 },
  { x: 421, y: 469 },
  { x: 775, y: 341 },
  { x: 656, y: 534 },
  { x: 225, y: 634 },
  { x: 520, y: 339 },
  { x: 865, y: 515 },
  { x: 457, y: 378 },
  { x: 293, y: 141 },
  { x: 202, y: 293 },
  { x: 347, y: 423 },
  { x: 186, y: 284 },
  { x: 572, y: 600 },
  { x: 319, y: 412 },
  { x: 685, y: 73 },
  { x: 845, y: 248 },
  { x: 834, y: 339 },
  { x: 391, y: 571 },
  { x: 139, y: 346 },
  { x: 635, y: 352 },
  { x: 401, y: 117 },
  { x: 381, y: 281 },
  { x: 471, y: 552 },
  { x: 793, y: 585 },
  { x: 279, y: 520 },
  { x: 783, y: 520 },
  { x: 374, y: 38 },
  { x: 458, y: 479 },
  { x: 869, y: 15 },
  { x: 626, y: 216 },
  { x: 148, y: 604 },
  { x: 560, y: 109 },
  { x: 342, y: 141 },
  { x: 426, y: 536 },
  { x: 697, y: 414 },
  { x: 283, y: 18 },
  { x: 172, y: 181 },
  { x: 206, y: 227 },
  { x: 763, y: 291 },
  { x: 439, y: 124 },
  { x: 523, y: 388 },
  { x: 338, y: 211 },
  { x: 30, y: 593 },
  { x: 187, y: 498 },
  { x: 126, y: 86 },
  { x: 4, y: 58 },
  { x: 566, y: 329 },
  { x: 524, y: 486 },
  { x: 788, y: 334 },
  { x: 346, y: 194 },
  { x: 506, y: 231 },
  { x: 135, y: 190 },
  { x: 288, y: 406 },
  { x: 200, y: 515 },
  { x: 739, y: 91 },
  { x: 300, y: 439 },
  { x: 725, y: 420 },
  { x: 83, y: 612 },
  { x: 665, y: 336 },
  { x: 848, y: 246 },
  { x: 865, y: 521 },
  { x: 3, y: 406 },
  { x: 187, y: 431 },
  { x: 462, y: 564 },
  { x: 530, y: 648 },
  { x: 708, y: 173 },
  { x: 325, y: 96 },
  { x: 4, y: 480 },
  { x: 530, y: 512 },
  { x: 780, y: 126 },
  { x: 614, y: 610 },
  { x: 359, y: 431 },
  { x: 343, y: 640 },
  { x: 453, y: 182 },
  { x: 648, y: 477 },
  { x: 447, y: 258 },
  { x: 23, y: 465 },
  { x: 455, y: 215 },
  { x: 534, y: 396 },
  { x: 869, y: 337 },
  { x: 511, y: 290 },
  { x: 683, y: 291 },
  { x: 328, y: 370 },
  { x: 160, y: 497 },
  { x: 144, y: 203 },
  { x: 717, y: 222 },
  { x: 31, y: 376 },
  { x: 452, y: 600 },
];
var points500 = [
  { x: 780, y: 560 },
  { x: 631, y: 173 },
  { x: 452, y: 237 },
  { x: 789, y: 506 },
  { x: 308, y: 175 },
  { x: 797, y: 157 },
  { x: 524, y: 583 },
  { x: 241, y: 7 },
  { x: 340, y: 105 },
  { x: 787, y: 19 },
  { x: 168, y: 342 },
  { x: 685, y: 386 },
  { x: 739, y: 195 },
  { x: 408, y: 550 },
  { x: 581, y: 577 },
  { x: 762, y: 406 },
  { x: 14, y: 370 },
  { x: 275, y: 610 },
  { x: 38, y: 484 },
  { x: 699, y: 148 },
  { x: 780, y: 272 },
  { x: 686, y: 611 },
  { x: 42, y: 650 },
  { x: 257, y: 329 },
  { x: 1, y: 260 },
  { x: 432, y: 448 },
  { x: 805, y: 546 },
  { x: 268, y: 472 },
  { x: 174, y: 154 },
  { x: 189, y: 432 },
  { x: 869, y: 653 },
  { x: 371, y: 337 },
  { x: 192, y: 279 },
  { x: 322, y: 118 },
  { x: 842, y: 584 },
  { x: 809, y: 381 },
  { x: 717, y: 250 },
  { x: 77, y: 575 },
  { x: 654, y: 21 },
  { x: 859, y: 146 },
  { x: 534, y: 561 },
  { x: 732, y: 227 },
  { x: 154, y: 371 },
  { x: 263, y: 148 },
  { x: 64, y: 524 },
  { x: 689, y: 553 },
  { x: 316, y: 358 },
  { x: 587, y: 374 },
  { x: 679, y: 125 },
  { x: 234, y: 501 },
  { x: 282, y: 403 },
  { x: 671, y: 107 },
  { x: 703, y: 347 },
  { x: 116, y: 408 },
  { x: 655, y: 593 },
  { x: 120, y: 196 },
  { x: 111, y: 240 },
  { x: 686, y: 271 },
  { x: 237, y: 213 },
  { x: 463, y: 562 },
  { x: 543, y: 240 },
  { x: 832, y: 406 },
  { x: 705, y: 280 },
  { x: 359, y: 252 },
  { x: 494, y: 575 },
  { x: 339, y: 85 },
  { x: 719, y: 115 },
  { x: 709, y: 564 },
  { x: 752, y: 178 },
  { x: 412, y: 599 },
  { x: 207, y: 524 },
  { x: 812, y: 359 },
  { x: 13, y: 500 },
  { x: 635, y: 477 },
  { x: 243, y: 236 },
  { x: 400, y: 381 },
  { x: 639, y: 551 },
  { x: 407, y: 65 },
  { x: 39, y: 619 },
  { x: 508, y: 170 },
  { x: 150, y: 115 },
  { x: 789, y: 353 },
  { x: 64, y: 178 },
  { x: 831, y: 434 },
  { x: 539, y: 83 },
  { x: 671, y: 317 },
  { x: 806, y: 479 },
  { x: 383, y: 335 },
  { x: 405, y: 103 },
  { x: 437, y: 549 },
  { x: 62, y: 590 },
  { x: 589, y: 296 },
  { x: 536, y: 539 },
  { x: 375, y: 541 },
  { x: 659, y: 326 },
  { x: 582, y: 600 },
  { x: 482, y: 73 },
  { x: 229, y: 8 },
  { x: 545, y: 292 },
  { x: 537, y: 174 },
  { x: 704, y: 273 },
  { x: 106, y: 487 },
  { x: 759, y: 575 },
  { x: 460, y: 358 },
  { x: 85, y: 6 },
  { x: 556, y: 112 },
  { x: 347, y: 196 },
  { x: 856, y: 88 },
  { x: 612, y: 395 },
  { x: 459, y: 195 },
  { x: 198, y: 431 },
  { x: 102, y: 14 },
  { x: 750, y: 403 },
  { x: 87, y: 37 },
  { x: 719, y: 146 },
  { x: 353, y: 405 },
  { x: 633, y: 476 },
  { x: 806, y: 313 },
  { x: 529, y: 509 },
  { x: 772, y: 55 },
  { x: 298, y: 527 },
  { x: 546, y: 522 },
  { x: 7, y: 72 },
  { x: 118, y: 337 },
  { x: 377, y: 216 },
  { x: 816, y: 327 },
  { x: 227, y: 167 },
  { x: 715, y: 422 },
  { x: 324, y: 516 },
  { x: 847, y: 170 },
  { x: 752, y: 422 },
  { x: 657, y: 570 },
  { x: 539, y: 450 },
  { x: 285, y: 556 },
  { x: 381, y: 168 },
  { x: 317, y: 251 },
  { x: 303, y: 197 },
  { x: 797, y: 50 },
  { x: 820, y: 193 },
  { x: 739, y: 85 },
  { x: 623, y: 118 },
  { x: 422, y: 73 },
  { x: 696, y: 205 },
  { x: 534, y: 450 },
  { x: 511, y: 263 },
  { x: 648, y: 110 },
  { x: 601, y: 518 },
  { x: 111, y: 627 },
  { x: 771, y: 572 },
  { x: 797, y: 303 },
  { x: 335, y: 332 },
  { x: 344, y: 492 },
  { x: 345, y: 610 },
  { x: 631, y: 340 },
  { x: 863, y: 305 },
  { x: 363, y: 406 },
  { x: 414, y: 14 },
  { x: 591, y: 26 },
  { x: 602, y: 592 },
  { x: 386, y: 273 },
  { x: 687, y: 183 },
  { x: 570, y: 27 },
  { x: 613, y: 645 },
  { x: 58, y: 268 },
  { x: 668, y: 375 },
  { x: 157, y: 349 },
  { x: 634, y: 627 },
  { x: 575, y: 465 },
  { x: 175, y: 460 },
  { x: 843, y: 625 },
  { x: 425, y: 20 },
  { x: 54, y: 411 },
  { x: 459, y: 659 },
  { x: 482, y: 176 },
  { x: 593, y: 296 },
  { x: 854, y: 512 },
  { x: 132, y: 551 },
  { x: 875, y: 577 },
  { x: 774, y: 470 },
  { x: 95, y: 584 },
  { x: 575, y: 614 },
  { x: 767, y: 635 },
  { x: 426, y: 212 },
  { x: 796, y: 38 },
  { x: 33, y: 147 },
  { x: 773, y: 95 },
  { x: 141, y: 640 },
  { x: 831, y: 257 },
  { x: 684, y: 175 },
  { x: 16, y: 534 },
  { x: 399, y: 579 },
  { x: 729, y: 185 },
  { x: 759, y: 217 },
  { x: 88, y: 327 },
  { x: 43, y: 167 },
  { x: 38, y: 161 },
  { x: 331, y: 405 },
  { x: 292, y: 130 },
  { x: 527, y: 658 },
  { x: 57, y: 288 },
  { x: 546, y: 479 },
  { x: 77, y: 118 },
  { x: 810, y: 74 },
  { x: 668, y: 101 },
  { x: 125, y: 570 },
  { x: 734, y: 267 },
  { x: 790, y: 417 },
  { x: 784, y: 204 },
  { x: 242, y: 335 },
  { x: 548, y: 458 },
  { x: 373, y: 189 },
  { x: 88, y: 216 },
  { x: 738, y: 1 },
  { x: 588, y: 384 },
  { x: 600, y: 221 },
  { x: 161, y: 340 },
  { x: 862, y: 400 },
  { x: 717, y: 82 },
  { x: 434, y: 19 },
  { x: 367, y: 476 },
  { x: 373, y: 288 },
  { x: 198, y: 508 },
  { x: 781, y: 516 },
  { x: 410, y: 401 },
  { x: 96, y: 377 },
  { x: 779, y: 653 },
  { x: 319, y: 404 },
  { x: 680, y: 66 },
  { x: 209, y: 381 },
  { x: 664, y: 41 },
  { x: 230, y: 340 },
  { x: 650, y: 499 },
  { x: 524, y: 604 },
  { x: 344, y: 287 },
  { x: 517, y: 351 },
  { x: 4, y: 10 },
  { x: 146, y: 233 },
  { x: 766, y: 185 },
  { x: 154, y: 476 },
  { x: 153, y: 534 },
  { x: 797, y: 278 },
  { x: 686, y: 434 },
  { x: 241, y: 469 },
  { x: 8, y: 550 },
  { x: 292, y: 118 },
  { x: 737, y: 118 },
  { x: 600, y: 610 },
  { x: 134, y: 405 },
  { x: 541, y: 96 },
  { x: 178, y: 53 },
  { x: 283, y: 618 },
  { x: 227, y: 559 },
  { x: 724, y: 264 },
  { x: 93, y: 192 },
  { x: 218, y: 531 },
  { x: 279, y: 395 },
  { x: 635, y: 430 },
  { x: 783, y: 424 },
  { x: 15, y: 34 },
  { x: 106, y: 406 },
  { x: 371, y: 277 },
  { x: 659, y: 222 },
  { x: 29, y: 401 },
  { x: 27, y: 194 },
  { x: 417, y: 657 },
  { x: 548, y: 12 },
  { x: 394, y: 160 },
  { x: 727, y: 410 },
  { x: 217, y: 459 },
  { x: 286, y: 629 },
  { x: 748, y: 105 },
  { x: 679, y: 514 },
  { x: 65, y: 487 },
  { x: 221, y: 160 },
  { x: 42, y: 239 },
  { x: 822, y: 390 },
  { x: 452, y: 291 },
  { x: 561, y: 107 },
  { x: 389, y: 451 },
  { x: 317, y: 94 },
  { x: 34, y: 50 },
  { x: 324, y: 284 },
  { x: 768, y: 531 },
  { x: 678, y: 432 },
  { x: 663, y: 411 },
  { x: 153, y: 27 },
  { x: 287, y: 348 },
  { x: 444, y: 184 },
  { x: 686, y: 482 },
  { x: 129, y: 122 },
  { x: 667, y: 368 },
  { x: 263, y: 78 },
  { x: 109, y: 190 },
  { x: 271, y: 208 },
  { x: 72, y: 346 },
  { x: 582, y: 5 },
  { x: 546, y: 343 },
  { x: 432, y: 305 },
  { x: 805, y: 5 },
  { x: 329, y: 100 },
  { x: 747, y: 304 },
  { x: 255, y: 283 },
  { x: 319, y: 623 },
  { x: 602, y: 145 },
  { x: 818, y: 582 },
  { x: 478, y: 491 },
  { x: 151, y: 451 },
  { x: 628, y: 605 },
  { x: 803, y: 260 },
  { x: 706, y: 636 },
  { x: 192, y: 535 },
  { x: 342, y: 177 },
  { x: 259, y: 599 },
  { x: 365, y: 229 },
  { x: 583, y: 426 },
  { x: 340, y: 562 },
  { x: 405, y: 629 },
  { x: 116, y: 260 },
  { x: 533, y: 479 },
  { x: 411, y: 615 },
  { x: 382, y: 125 },
  { x: 36, y: 272 },
  { x: 863, y: 466 },
  { x: 600, y: 288 },
  { x: 30, y: 648 },
  { x: 335, y: 269 },
  { x: 302, y: 92 },
  { x: 607, y: 98 },
  { x: 522, y: 101 },
  { x: 801, y: 339 },
  { x: 412, y: 189 },
  { x: 776, y: 446 },
  { x: 77, y: 528 },
  { x: 425, y: 547 },
  { x: 535, y: 317 },
  { x: 802, y: 229 },
  { x: 698, y: 534 },
  { x: 109, y: 109 },
  { x: 321, y: 37 },
  { x: 232, y: 115 },
  { x: 168, y: 621 },
  { x: 637, y: 502 },
  { x: 177, y: 156 },
  { x: 66, y: 376 },
  { x: 646, y: 329 },
  { x: 345, y: 290 },
  { x: 861, y: 28 },
  { x: 791, y: 184 },
  { x: 745, y: 244 },
  { x: 90, y: 370 },
  { x: 610, y: 617 },
  { x: 592, y: 452 },
  { x: 410, y: 500 },
  { x: 410, y: 288 },
  { x: 645, y: 239 },
  { x: 278, y: 163 },
  { x: 761, y: 27 },
  { x: 275, y: 33 },
  { x: 185, y: 203 },
  { x: 794, y: 129 },
  { x: 121, y: 421 },
  { x: 505, y: 126 },
  { x: 750, y: 309 },
  { x: 222, y: 518 },
  { x: 276, y: 272 },
  { x: 626, y: 61 },
  { x: 665, y: 320 },
  { x: 379, y: 38 },
  { x: 459, y: 357 },
  { x: 337, y: 450 },
  { x: 307, y: 418 },
  { x: 867, y: 631 },
  { x: 191, y: 272 },
  { x: 55, y: 465 },
  { x: 861, y: 291 },
  { x: 465, y: 101 },
  { x: 792, y: 81 },
  { x: 750, y: 278 },
  { x: 630, y: 488 },
  { x: 382, y: 539 },
  { x: 282, y: 527 },
  { x: 345, y: 575 },
  { x: 24, y: 421 },
  { x: 810, y: 491 },
  { x: 270, y: 356 },
  { x: 22, y: 646 },
  { x: 663, y: 617 },
  { x: 861, y: 452 },
  { x: 879, y: 409 },
  { x: 90, y: 515 },
  { x: 672, y: 416 },
  { x: 331, y: 68 },
  { x: 165, y: 570 },
  { x: 706, y: 384 },
  { x: 760, y: 85 },
  { x: 235, y: 477 },
  { x: 42, y: 451 },
  { x: 442, y: 598 },
  { x: 551, y: 539 },
  { x: 334, y: 419 },
  { x: 417, y: 656 },
  { x: 137, y: 610 },
  { x: 717, y: 505 },
  { x: 56, y: 619 },
  { x: 695, y: 527 },
  { x: 501, y: 514 },
  { x: 796, y: 315 },
  { x: 322, y: 218 },
  { x: 818, y: 215 },
  { x: 2, y: 239 },
  { x: 143, y: 232 },
  { x: 240, y: 38 },
  { x: 165, y: 277 },
  { x: 281, y: 91 },
  { x: 77, y: 297 },
  { x: 477, y: 18 },
  { x: 617, y: 407 },
  { x: 419, y: 170 },
  { x: 876, y: 275 },
  { x: 159, y: 277 },
  { x: 777, y: 104 },
  { x: 857, y: 25 },
  { x: 506, y: 418 },
  { x: 800, y: 170 },
  { x: 121, y: 625 },
  { x: 500, y: 579 },
  { x: 762, y: 294 },
  { x: 428, y: 614 },
  { x: 818, y: 584 },
  { x: 826, y: 101 },
  { x: 513, y: 566 },
  { x: 719, y: 638 },
  { x: 366, y: 121 },
  { x: 2, y: 142 },
  { x: 176, y: 382 },
  { x: 220, y: 280 },
  { x: 141, y: 210 },
  { x: 437, y: 419 },
  { x: 139, y: 84 },
  { x: 581, y: 449 },
  { x: 238, y: 485 },
  { x: 12, y: 139 },
  { x: 140, y: 324 },
  { x: 127, y: 542 },
  { x: 328, y: 314 },
  { x: 207, y: 123 },
  { x: 805, y: 285 },
  { x: 4, y: 566 },
  { x: 603, y: 592 },
  { x: 641, y: 77 },
  { x: 863, y: 498 },
  { x: 201, y: 387 },
  { x: 373, y: 357 },
  { x: 112, y: 322 },
  { x: 867, y: 472 },
  { x: 381, y: 633 },
  { x: 467, y: 234 },
  { x: 134, y: 63 },
  { x: 533, y: 468 },
  { x: 6, y: 185 },
  { x: 574, y: 362 },
  { x: 311, y: 451 },
  { x: 100, y: 572 },
  { x: 318, y: 47 },
  { x: 114, y: 650 },
  { x: 704, y: 641 },
  { x: 375, y: 355 },
  { x: 693, y: 391 },
  { x: 549, y: 154 },
  { x: 355, y: 167 },
  { x: 340, y: 493 },
  { x: 17, y: 98 },
  { x: 331, y: 179 },
  { x: 667, y: 431 },
  { x: 231, y: 460 },
  { x: 335, y: 270 },
  { x: 351, y: 0 },
  { x: 843, y: 449 },
  { x: 785, y: 1 },
  { x: 306, y: 86 },
  { x: 302, y: 496 },
  { x: 790, y: 236 },
  { x: 69, y: 49 },
  { x: 732, y: 160 },
  { x: 515, y: 73 },
  { x: 342, y: 253 },
  { x: 150, y: 579 },
  { x: 126, y: 317 },
  { x: 272, y: 432 },
  { x: 482, y: 301 },
  { x: 607, y: 622 },
  { x: 158, y: 53 },
  { x: 711, y: 480 },
  { x: 652, y: 193 },
  { x: 681, y: 151 },
  { x: 828, y: 359 },
  { x: 563, y: 71 },
  { x: 70, y: 138 },
  { x: 755, y: 192 },
  { x: 636, y: 133 },
];
```

# Contact

If you have questions on the challenge, please contact Jared Sartin: jared@leftfieldlabs.com

# Candidate Notes:

### Fill in comments, external tool usage, and time tracking

### Strategy

My strategy for approaching this problem was to first consume the data as it stood, and modify it into my chosen object structure of a Node, using a typescript interface. The node object added some properties to help my brain start the process of generating the traversal algorithm needed, by giving each location a unique ID (based off of the index of its location in the original data set), and a visited boolean, which was set to false by default (obviously).

Next I wanted to display this data in 2d fashion, and after noting that none of the index values surpassed 1000 in value, and never became negative, I decided to allow myself a mental soft cap of 0 < n < 1000, where n is either the x or y vertex. Using this information, I displayed each location as a small dot in a "graph" setup, where the display was relative to a 0,0 point in an x/y axis graph, and then the location was simply added on to said graph, where the verteces were modifier of a pixel count eg: {x:100, y:200} would display as 100px, and 200px. Assuming your monitor has at least a 1000px x 1000px display, this should display no problem (mobile users beware). Using the ID that was attached earlier, I created an algorithm that found the most optimal starting pair, and highlighted them in the DOM with CSS, and then proceeded to plug them into my traversal algorithm.

I decided to approach this problem via the Hamiltonian solution, since these data points aren't exactly "graphs" in that they dont have assigned neighbors, but they are technically weighted, and are undirected. At the end of the algorithm, I display the total traversal length in the DOM, and highlight the final node visited.

The biggest challenge of this entire project is for one, I have no experience working with Graphs, and no formal education considering graph theory. The second obstacle was that the data given isn't a traditional "graph" structure, in that there are no listed pairs/edges to just plug a standard algorithm into, and I had to think around how to identify each location.

Commit message:

solidify traversal strategy, add minor display niceties.

readme.md, after:

# The Challenge

The year is 2092. A budding young vocalist and his band have just enough money to buy a hovercar and begin their tour. They have struck deals with multiple venues and can set their own tour schedule, any venue in any order. Can you help them find the shortest route to take to hit all cities to maximize their fuel budget?

We have provided some test data to begin mapping on the grid. Spend up to 4 hours creating your algorithm and display of optimal route(s). Fork this repository and make any notes and commentary at the bottom of the readme.

# The Tech

Please use JavaScript, HTML, and CSS to display the best route(s) the band can take. Let's assume the first data point is home, the point you originate from and must end at. It is up to you to display the route(s) your code chooses, graphical, textual, tabular or other. We will review the code with you, be prepared to discuss any choices of external libraries. If you need to use an external library, that's fine, please note it in the readme.md.

# The Data

Here is are some sample sets of data to use:

```js
var points40 = [
  { x: 116, y: 404 },
  { x: 161, y: 617 },
  { x: 16, y: 97 },
  { x: 430, y: 536 },
  { x: 601, y: 504 },
  { x: 425, y: 461 },
  { x: 114, y: 544 },
  { x: 127, y: 118 },
  { x: 163, y: 357 },
  { x: 704, y: 104 },
  { x: 864, y: 125 },
  { x: 847, y: 523 },
  { x: 742, y: 170 },
  { x: 204, y: 601 },
  { x: 421, y: 377 },
  { x: 808, y: 49 },
  { x: 860, y: 466 },
  { x: 844, y: 294 },
  { x: 147, y: 213 },
  { x: 550, y: 124 },
  { x: 238, y: 313 },
  { x: 57, y: 572 },
  { x: 664, y: 190 },
  { x: 612, y: 644 },
  { x: 456, y: 154 },
  { x: 120, y: 477 },
  { x: 542, y: 313 },
  { x: 620, y: 29 },
  { x: 245, y: 246 },
  { x: 611, y: 578 },
  { x: 627, y: 373 },
  { x: 534, y: 286 },
  { x: 577, y: 545 },
  { x: 539, y: 340 },
  { x: 794, y: 328 },
  { x: 855, y: 139 },
  { x: 700, y: 47 },
  { x: 275, y: 593 },
  { x: 130, y: 196 },
  { x: 863, y: 35 },
];

var points200 = [
  { x: 150, y: 172 },
  { x: 822, y: 244 },
  { x: 619, y: 220 },
  { x: 243, y: 433 },
  { x: 9, y: 48 },
  { x: 541, y: 402 },
  { x: 540, y: 212 },
  { x: 479, y: 646 },
  { x: 545, y: 90 },
  { x: 811, y: 355 },
  { x: 314, y: 325 },
  { x: 337, y: 487 },
  { x: 675, y: 76 },
  { x: 629, y: 375 },
  { x: 809, y: 105 },
  { x: 269, y: 135 },
  { x: 423, y: 592 },
  { x: 558, y: 288 },
  { x: 622, y: 70 },
  { x: 740, y: 495 },
  { x: 508, y: 79 },
  { x: 40, y: 236 },
  { x: 818, y: 252 },
  { x: 811, y: 480 },
  { x: 458, y: 220 },
  { x: 293, y: 220 },
  { x: 582, y: 275 },
  { x: 188, y: 542 },
  { x: 300, y: 235 },
  { x: 690, y: 649 },
  { x: 166, y: 565 },
  { x: 400, y: 80 },
  { x: 121, y: 498 },
  { x: 603, y: 587 },
  { x: 729, y: 89 },
  { x: 723, y: 23 },
  { x: 171, y: 609 },
  { x: 523, y: 449 },
  { x: 668, y: 102 },
  { x: 328, y: 531 },
  { x: 468, y: 588 },
  { x: 600, y: 239 },
  { x: 312, y: 636 },
  { x: 344, y: 112 },
  { x: 267, y: 184 },
  { x: 292, y: 615 },
  { x: 21, y: 401 },
  { x: 650, y: 266 },
  { x: 535, y: 393 },
  { x: 796, y: 598 },
  { x: 29, y: 412 },
  { x: 528, y: 363 },
  { x: 344, y: 152 },
  { x: 314, y: 35 },
  { x: 138, y: 191 },
  { x: 643, y: 341 },
  { x: 350, y: 423 },
  { x: 319, y: 542 },
  { x: 797, y: 659 },
  { x: 66, y: 296 },
  { x: 761, y: 574 },
  { x: 26, y: 270 },
  { x: 129, y: 509 },
  { x: 24, y: 312 },
  { x: 89, y: 635 },
  { x: 454, y: 34 },
  { x: 717, y: 189 },
  { x: 476, y: 457 },
  { x: 471, y: 212 },
  { x: 74, y: 457 },
  { x: 406, y: 221 },
  { x: 701, y: 313 },
  { x: 719, y: 642 },
  { x: 573, y: 424 },
  { x: 250, y: 231 },
  { x: 748, y: 334 },
  { x: 318, y: 453 },
  { x: 815, y: 92 },
  { x: 198, y: 47 },
  { x: 79, y: 451 },
  { x: 502, y: 582 },
  { x: 471, y: 355 },
  { x: 509, y: 257 },
  { x: 727, y: 290 },
  { x: 476, y: 281 },
  { x: 609, y: 576 },
  { x: 772, y: 72 },
  { x: 263, y: 156 },
  { x: 411, y: 203 },
  { x: 100, y: 254 },
  { x: 29, y: 208 },
  { x: 625, y: 349 },
  { x: 789, y: 163 },
  { x: 300, y: 224 },
  { x: 637, y: 57 },
  { x: 789, y: 153 },
  { x: 429, y: 427 },
  { x: 571, y: 355 },
  { x: 426, y: 348 },
  { x: 620, y: 545 },
  { x: 601, y: 322 },
  { x: 600, y: 441 },
  { x: 519, y: 357 },
  { x: 59, y: 262 },
  { x: 878, y: 621 },
  { x: 712, y: 592 },
  { x: 202, y: 341 },
  { x: 300, y: 41 },
  { x: 87, y: 647 },
  { x: 735, y: 60 },
  { x: 289, y: 110 },
  { x: 126, y: 133 },
  { x: 375, y: 584 },
  { x: 421, y: 469 },
  { x: 775, y: 341 },
  { x: 656, y: 534 },
  { x: 225, y: 634 },
  { x: 520, y: 339 },
  { x: 865, y: 515 },
  { x: 457, y: 378 },
  { x: 293, y: 141 },
  { x: 202, y: 293 },
  { x: 347, y: 423 },
  { x: 186, y: 284 },
  { x: 572, y: 600 },
  { x: 319, y: 412 },
  { x: 685, y: 73 },
  { x: 845, y: 248 },
  { x: 834, y: 339 },
  { x: 391, y: 571 },
  { x: 139, y: 346 },
  { x: 635, y: 352 },
  { x: 401, y: 117 },
  { x: 381, y: 281 },
  { x: 471, y: 552 },
  { x: 793, y: 585 },
  { x: 279, y: 520 },
  { x: 783, y: 520 },
  { x: 374, y: 38 },
  { x: 458, y: 479 },
  { x: 869, y: 15 },
  { x: 626, y: 216 },
  { x: 148, y: 604 },
  { x: 560, y: 109 },
  { x: 342, y: 141 },
  { x: 426, y: 536 },
  { x: 697, y: 414 },
  { x: 283, y: 18 },
  { x: 172, y: 181 },
  { x: 206, y: 227 },
  { x: 763, y: 291 },
  { x: 439, y: 124 },
  { x: 523, y: 388 },
  { x: 338, y: 211 },
  { x: 30, y: 593 },
  { x: 187, y: 498 },
  { x: 126, y: 86 },
  { x: 4, y: 58 },
  { x: 566, y: 329 },
  { x: 524, y: 486 },
  { x: 788, y: 334 },
  { x: 346, y: 194 },
  { x: 506, y: 231 },
  { x: 135, y: 190 },
  { x: 288, y: 406 },
  { x: 200, y: 515 },
  { x: 739, y: 91 },
  { x: 300, y: 439 },
  { x: 725, y: 420 },
  { x: 83, y: 612 },
  { x: 665, y: 336 },
  { x: 848, y: 246 },
  { x: 865, y: 521 },
  { x: 3, y: 406 },
  { x: 187, y: 431 },
  { x: 462, y: 564 },
  { x: 530, y: 648 },
  { x: 708, y: 173 },
  { x: 325, y: 96 },
  { x: 4, y: 480 },
  { x: 530, y: 512 },
  { x: 780, y: 126 },
  { x: 614, y: 610 },
  { x: 359, y: 431 },
  { x: 343, y: 640 },
  { x: 453, y: 182 },
  { x: 648, y: 477 },
  { x: 447, y: 258 },
  { x: 23, y: 465 },
  { x: 455, y: 215 },
  { x: 534, y: 396 },
  { x: 869, y: 337 },
  { x: 511, y: 290 },
  { x: 683, y: 291 },
  { x: 328, y: 370 },
  { x: 160, y: 497 },
  { x: 144, y: 203 },
  { x: 717, y: 222 },
  { x: 31, y: 376 },
  { x: 452, y: 600 },
];
var points500 = [
  { x: 780, y: 560 },
  { x: 631, y: 173 },
  { x: 452, y: 237 },
  { x: 789, y: 506 },
  { x: 308, y: 175 },
  { x: 797, y: 157 },
  { x: 524, y: 583 },
  { x: 241, y: 7 },
  { x: 340, y: 105 },
  { x: 787, y: 19 },
  { x: 168, y: 342 },
  { x: 685, y: 386 },
  { x: 739, y: 195 },
  { x: 408, y: 550 },
  { x: 581, y: 577 },
  { x: 762, y: 406 },
  { x: 14, y: 370 },
  { x: 275, y: 610 },
  { x: 38, y: 484 },
  { x: 699, y: 148 },
  { x: 780, y: 272 },
  { x: 686, y: 611 },
  { x: 42, y: 650 },
  { x: 257, y: 329 },
  { x: 1, y: 260 },
  { x: 432, y: 448 },
  { x: 805, y: 546 },
  { x: 268, y: 472 },
  { x: 174, y: 154 },
  { x: 189, y: 432 },
  { x: 869, y: 653 },
  { x: 371, y: 337 },
  { x: 192, y: 279 },
  { x: 322, y: 118 },
  { x: 842, y: 584 },
  { x: 809, y: 381 },
  { x: 717, y: 250 },
  { x: 77, y: 575 },
  { x: 654, y: 21 },
  { x: 859, y: 146 },
  { x: 534, y: 561 },
  { x: 732, y: 227 },
  { x: 154, y: 371 },
  { x: 263, y: 148 },
  { x: 64, y: 524 },
  { x: 689, y: 553 },
  { x: 316, y: 358 },
  { x: 587, y: 374 },
  { x: 679, y: 125 },
  { x: 234, y: 501 },
  { x: 282, y: 403 },
  { x: 671, y: 107 },
  { x: 703, y: 347 },
  { x: 116, y: 408 },
  { x: 655, y: 593 },
  { x: 120, y: 196 },
  { x: 111, y: 240 },
  { x: 686, y: 271 },
  { x: 237, y: 213 },
  { x: 463, y: 562 },
  { x: 543, y: 240 },
  { x: 832, y: 406 },
  { x: 705, y: 280 },
  { x: 359, y: 252 },
  { x: 494, y: 575 },
  { x: 339, y: 85 },
  { x: 719, y: 115 },
  { x: 709, y: 564 },
  { x: 752, y: 178 },
  { x: 412, y: 599 },
  { x: 207, y: 524 },
  { x: 812, y: 359 },
  { x: 13, y: 500 },
  { x: 635, y: 477 },
  { x: 243, y: 236 },
  { x: 400, y: 381 },
  { x: 639, y: 551 },
  { x: 407, y: 65 },
  { x: 39, y: 619 },
  { x: 508, y: 170 },
  { x: 150, y: 115 },
  { x: 789, y: 353 },
  { x: 64, y: 178 },
  { x: 831, y: 434 },
  { x: 539, y: 83 },
  { x: 671, y: 317 },
  { x: 806, y: 479 },
  { x: 383, y: 335 },
  { x: 405, y: 103 },
  { x: 437, y: 549 },
  { x: 62, y: 590 },
  { x: 589, y: 296 },
  { x: 536, y: 539 },
  { x: 375, y: 541 },
  { x: 659, y: 326 },
  { x: 582, y: 600 },
  { x: 482, y: 73 },
  { x: 229, y: 8 },
  { x: 545, y: 292 },
  { x: 537, y: 174 },
  { x: 704, y: 273 },
  { x: 106, y: 487 },
  { x: 759, y: 575 },
  { x: 460, y: 358 },
  { x: 85, y: 6 },
  { x: 556, y: 112 },
  { x: 347, y: 196 },
  { x: 856, y: 88 },
  { x: 612, y: 395 },
  { x: 459, y: 195 },
  { x: 198, y: 431 },
  { x: 102, y: 14 },
  { x: 750, y: 403 },
  { x: 87, y: 37 },
  { x: 719, y: 146 },
  { x: 353, y: 405 },
  { x: 633, y: 476 },
  { x: 806, y: 313 },
  { x: 529, y: 509 },
  { x: 772, y: 55 },
  { x: 298, y: 527 },
  { x: 546, y: 522 },
  { x: 7, y: 72 },
  { x: 118, y: 337 },
  { x: 377, y: 216 },
  { x: 816, y: 327 },
  { x: 227, y: 167 },
  { x: 715, y: 422 },
  { x: 324, y: 516 },
  { x: 847, y: 170 },
  { x: 752, y: 422 },
  { x: 657, y: 570 },
  { x: 539, y: 450 },
  { x: 285, y: 556 },
  { x: 381, y: 168 },
  { x: 317, y: 251 },
  { x: 303, y: 197 },
  { x: 797, y: 50 },
  { x: 820, y: 193 },
  { x: 739, y: 85 },
  { x: 623, y: 118 },
  { x: 422, y: 73 },
  { x: 696, y: 205 },
  { x: 534, y: 450 },
  { x: 511, y: 263 },
  { x: 648, y: 110 },
  { x: 601, y: 518 },
  { x: 111, y: 627 },
  { x: 771, y: 572 },
  { x: 797, y: 303 },
  { x: 335, y: 332 },
  { x: 344, y: 492 },
  { x: 345, y: 610 },
  { x: 631, y: 340 },
  { x: 863, y: 305 },
  { x: 363, y: 406 },
  { x: 414, y: 14 },
  { x: 591, y: 26 },
  { x: 602, y: 592 },
  { x: 386, y: 273 },
  { x: 687, y: 183 },
  { x: 570, y: 27 },
  { x: 613, y: 645 },
  { x: 58, y: 268 },
  { x: 668, y: 375 },
  { x: 157, y: 349 },
  { x: 634, y: 627 },
  { x: 575, y: 465 },
  { x: 175, y: 460 },
  { x: 843, y: 625 },
  { x: 425, y: 20 },
  { x: 54, y: 411 },
  { x: 459, y: 659 },
  { x: 482, y: 176 },
  { x: 593, y: 296 },
  { x: 854, y: 512 },
  { x: 132, y: 551 },
  { x: 875, y: 577 },
  { x: 774, y: 470 },
  { x: 95, y: 584 },
  { x: 575, y: 614 },
  { x: 767, y: 635 },
  { x: 426, y: 212 },
  { x: 796, y: 38 },
  { x: 33, y: 147 },
  { x: 773, y: 95 },
  { x: 141, y: 640 },
  { x: 831, y: 257 },
  { x: 684, y: 175 },
  { x: 16, y: 534 },
  { x: 399, y: 579 },
  { x: 729, y: 185 },
  { x: 759, y: 217 },
  { x: 88, y: 327 },
  { x: 43, y: 167 },
  { x: 38, y: 161 },
  { x: 331, y: 405 },
  { x: 292, y: 130 },
  { x: 527, y: 658 },
  { x: 57, y: 288 },
  { x: 546, y: 479 },
  { x: 77, y: 118 },
  { x: 810, y: 74 },
  { x: 668, y: 101 },
  { x: 125, y: 570 },
  { x: 734, y: 267 },
  { x: 790, y: 417 },
  { x: 784, y: 204 },
  { x: 242, y: 335 },
  { x: 548, y: 458 },
  { x: 373, y: 189 },
  { x: 88, y: 216 },
  { x: 738, y: 1 },
  { x: 588, y: 384 },
  { x: 600, y: 221 },
  { x: 161, y: 340 },
  { x: 862, y: 400 },
  { x: 717, y: 82 },
  { x: 434, y: 19 },
  { x: 367, y: 476 },
  { x: 373, y: 288 },
  { x: 198, y: 508 },
  { x: 781, y: 516 },
  { x: 410, y: 401 },
  { x: 96, y: 377 },
  { x: 779, y: 653 },
  { x: 319, y: 404 },
  { x: 680, y: 66 },
  { x: 209, y: 381 },
  { x: 664, y: 41 },
  { x: 230, y: 340 },
  { x: 650, y: 499 },
  { x: 524, y: 604 },
  { x: 344, y: 287 },
  { x: 517, y: 351 },
  { x: 4, y: 10 },
  { x: 146, y: 233 },
  { x: 766, y: 185 },
  { x: 154, y: 476 },
  { x: 153, y: 534 },
  { x: 797, y: 278 },
  { x: 686, y: 434 },
  { x: 241, y: 469 },
  { x: 8, y: 550 },
  { x: 292, y: 118 },
  { x: 737, y: 118 },
  { x: 600, y: 610 },
  { x: 134, y: 405 },
  { x: 541, y: 96 },
  { x: 178, y: 53 },
  { x: 283, y: 618 },
  { x: 227, y: 559 },
  { x: 724, y: 264 },
  { x: 93, y: 192 },
  { x: 218, y: 531 },
  { x: 279, y: 395 },
  { x: 635, y: 430 },
  { x: 783, y: 424 },
  { x: 15, y: 34 },
  { x: 106, y: 406 },
  { x: 371, y: 277 },
  { x: 659, y: 222 },
  { x: 29, y: 401 },
  { x: 27, y: 194 },
  { x: 417, y: 657 },
  { x: 548, y: 12 },
  { x: 394, y: 160 },
  { x: 727, y: 410 },
  { x: 217, y: 459 },
  { x: 286, y: 629 },
  { x: 748, y: 105 },
  { x: 679, y: 514 },
  { x: 65, y: 487 },
  { x: 221, y: 160 },
  { x: 42, y: 239 },
  { x: 822, y: 390 },
  { x: 452, y: 291 },
  { x: 561, y: 107 },
  { x: 389, y: 451 },
  { x: 317, y: 94 },
  { x: 34, y: 50 },
  { x: 324, y: 284 },
  { x: 768, y: 531 },
  { x: 678, y: 432 },
  { x: 663, y: 411 },
  { x: 153, y: 27 },
  { x: 287, y: 348 },
  { x: 444, y: 184 },
  { x: 686, y: 482 },
  { x: 129, y: 122 },
  { x: 667, y: 368 },
  { x: 263, y: 78 },
  { x: 109, y: 190 },
  { x: 271, y: 208 },
  { x: 72, y: 346 },
  { x: 582, y: 5 },
  { x: 546, y: 343 },
  { x: 432, y: 305 },
  { x: 805, y: 5 },
  { x: 329, y: 100 },
  { x: 747, y: 304 },
  { x: 255, y: 283 },
  { x: 319, y: 623 },
  { x: 602, y: 145 },
  { x: 818, y: 582 },
  { x: 478, y: 491 },
  { x: 151, y: 451 },
  { x: 628, y: 605 },
  { x: 803, y: 260 },
  { x: 706, y: 636 },
  { x: 192, y: 535 },
  { x: 342, y: 177 },
  { x: 259, y: 599 },
  { x: 365, y: 229 },
  { x: 583, y: 426 },
  { x: 340, y: 562 },
  { x: 405, y: 629 },
  { x: 116, y: 260 },
  { x: 533, y: 479 },
  { x: 411, y: 615 },
  { x: 382, y: 125 },
  { x: 36, y: 272 },
  { x: 863, y: 466 },
  { x: 600, y: 288 },
  { x: 30, y: 648 },
  { x: 335, y: 269 },
  { x: 302, y: 92 },
  { x: 607, y: 98 },
  { x: 522, y: 101 },
  { x: 801, y: 339 },
  { x: 412, y: 189 },
  { x: 776, y: 446 },
  { x: 77, y: 528 },
  { x: 425, y: 547 },
  { x: 535, y: 317 },
  { x: 802, y: 229 },
  { x: 698, y: 534 },
  { x: 109, y: 109 },
  { x: 321, y: 37 },
  { x: 232, y: 115 },
  { x: 168, y: 621 },
  { x: 637, y: 502 },
  { x: 177, y: 156 },
  { x: 66, y: 376 },
  { x: 646, y: 329 },
  { x: 345, y: 290 },
  { x: 861, y: 28 },
  { x: 791, y: 184 },
  { x: 745, y: 244 },
  { x: 90, y: 370 },
  { x: 610, y: 617 },
  { x: 592, y: 452 },
  { x: 410, y: 500 },
  { x: 410, y: 288 },
  { x: 645, y: 239 },
  { x: 278, y: 163 },
  { x: 761, y: 27 },
  { x: 275, y: 33 },
  { x: 185, y: 203 },
  { x: 794, y: 129 },
  { x: 121, y: 421 },
  { x: 505, y: 126 },
  { x: 750, y: 309 },
  { x: 222, y: 518 },
  { x: 276, y: 272 },
  { x: 626, y: 61 },
  { x: 665, y: 320 },
  { x: 379, y: 38 },
  { x: 459, y: 357 },
  { x: 337, y: 450 },
  { x: 307, y: 418 },
  { x: 867, y: 631 },
  { x: 191, y: 272 },
  { x: 55, y: 465 },
  { x: 861, y: 291 },
  { x: 465, y: 101 },
  { x: 792, y: 81 },
  { x: 750, y: 278 },
  { x: 630, y: 488 },
  { x: 382, y: 539 },
  { x: 282, y: 527 },
  { x: 345, y: 575 },
  { x: 24, y: 421 },
  { x: 810, y: 491 },
  { x: 270, y: 356 },
  { x: 22, y: 646 },
  { x: 663, y: 617 },
  { x: 861, y: 452 },
  { x: 879, y: 409 },
  { x: 90, y: 515 },
  { x: 672, y: 416 },
  { x: 331, y: 68 },
  { x: 165, y: 570 },
  { x: 706, y: 384 },
  { x: 760, y: 85 },
  { x: 235, y: 477 },
  { x: 42, y: 451 },
  { x: 442, y: 598 },
  { x: 551, y: 539 },
  { x: 334, y: 419 },
  { x: 417, y: 656 },
  { x: 137, y: 610 },
  { x: 717, y: 505 },
  { x: 56, y: 619 },
  { x: 695, y: 527 },
  { x: 501, y: 514 },
  { x: 796, y: 315 },
  { x: 322, y: 218 },
  { x: 818, y: 215 },
  { x: 2, y: 239 },
  { x: 143, y: 232 },
  { x: 240, y: 38 },
  { x: 165, y: 277 },
  { x: 281, y: 91 },
  { x: 77, y: 297 },
  { x: 477, y: 18 },
  { x: 617, y: 407 },
  { x: 419, y: 170 },
  { x: 876, y: 275 },
  { x: 159, y: 277 },
  { x: 777, y: 104 },
  { x: 857, y: 25 },
  { x: 506, y: 418 },
  { x: 800, y: 170 },
  { x: 121, y: 625 },
  { x: 500, y: 579 },
  { x: 762, y: 294 },
  { x: 428, y: 614 },
  { x: 818, y: 584 },
  { x: 826, y: 101 },
  { x: 513, y: 566 },
  { x: 719, y: 638 },
  { x: 366, y: 121 },
  { x: 2, y: 142 },
  { x: 176, y: 382 },
  { x: 220, y: 280 },
  { x: 141, y: 210 },
  { x: 437, y: 419 },
  { x: 139, y: 84 },
  { x: 581, y: 449 },
  { x: 238, y: 485 },
  { x: 12, y: 139 },
  { x: 140, y: 324 },
  { x: 127, y: 542 },
  { x: 328, y: 314 },
  { x: 207, y: 123 },
  { x: 805, y: 285 },
  { x: 4, y: 566 },
  { x: 603, y: 592 },
  { x: 641, y: 77 },
  { x: 863, y: 498 },
  { x: 201, y: 387 },
  { x: 373, y: 357 },
  { x: 112, y: 322 },
  { x: 867, y: 472 },
  { x: 381, y: 633 },
  { x: 467, y: 234 },
  { x: 134, y: 63 },
  { x: 533, y: 468 },
  { x: 6, y: 185 },
  { x: 574, y: 362 },
  { x: 311, y: 451 },
  { x: 100, y: 572 },
  { x: 318, y: 47 },
  { x: 114, y: 650 },
  { x: 704, y: 641 },
  { x: 375, y: 355 },
  { x: 693, y: 391 },
  { x: 549, y: 154 },
  { x: 355, y: 167 },
  { x: 340, y: 493 },
  { x: 17, y: 98 },
  { x: 331, y: 179 },
  { x: 667, y: 431 },
  { x: 231, y: 460 },
  { x: 335, y: 270 },
  { x: 351, y: 0 },
  { x: 843, y: 449 },
  { x: 785, y: 1 },
  { x: 306, y: 86 },
  { x: 302, y: 496 },
  { x: 790, y: 236 },
  { x: 69, y: 49 },
  { x: 732, y: 160 },
  { x: 515, y: 73 },
  { x: 342, y: 253 },
  { x: 150, y: 579 },
  { x: 126, y: 317 },
  { x: 272, y: 432 },
  { x: 482, y: 301 },
  { x: 607, y: 622 },
  { x: 158, y: 53 },
  { x: 711, y: 480 },
  { x: 652, y: 193 },
  { x: 681, y: 151 },
  { x: 828, y: 359 },
  { x: 563, y: 71 },
  { x: 70, y: 138 },
  { x: 755, y: 192 },
  { x: 636, y: 133 },
];
```

# Contact

If you have questions on the challenge, please contact Jared Sartin: jared@leftfieldlabs.com

# Candidate Notes:

My strategy for approaching this problem was to first consume the data as it stood, and modify it into my chosen object structure of a Node, using a typescript interface. The node object added some properties to help my brain start the process of generating the traversal algorithm needed, by giving each location a unique ID (based off of the index of its location in the original data set), and a visited boolean, which was set to false by default (obviously).

Next I wanted to display this data in 2d fashion, and after noting that none of the index values surpassed 1000 in value, and never became negative, I decided to allow myself a mental soft cap of 0 < n < 1000, where n is either the x or y vertex. Using this information, I displayed each location as a small dot in a "graph" setup, where the display was relative to a 0,0 point in an x/y axis graph, and then the location was simply added on to said graph, where the verteces were modifier of a pixel count eg: {x:100, y:200} would display as 100px, and 200px. Assuming your monitor has at least a 1000px x 1000px display, this should display no problem (mobile users beware). Using the ID that was attached earlier, I created an algorithm that found the most optimal starting pair, and highlighted them in the DOM with CSS, and then proceeded to plug them into my traversal algorithm.

I decided to approach this problem via the Dijkstra strategy, which is to say choosing the least weighted path with each hop, which allowed me to maintain a low complexity.

The biggest challenge of this entire project is for one, I have no experience working with Graphs, and no formal education considering graph theory. The second obstacle was that the data given isn't a traditional "graph" structure, in that there are no listed pairs/edges to just plug a standard algorithm into, and I had to think around how to identify each location.
